[Music]
foreign
you want me to go yeah oh i just read
like need some advice
towards dating late in life oh 28 late
in life
lulls after having no prior experience
would you recommend first focusing on
myself and be building a direction for
myself and then begin dating or jumping
straight in
now as i may never be ready it's it's
tough because dating at this age is odd
without any experience and
direction in comparison to my peers
thank you for everything
all right i feel like i got an answer to
this but you can go from there
so i i don't think that i think parallel
processing
right so i think you should absolutely
work on yourself and jump in
because i don't think you're ever going
to be ready so like don't let ready get
in the way of start
starting um and and so
you know like it's tough because dating
at this age is odd without any
experience and
direction in comparison to my peers
that's true that you may be quote
unquote behind
but it's been my experience that like
within one year
or even less like you can have just as
much experience as your peers
even if they've been dating their entire
lives and let me put it this way
so there are some people so when i was
like when i used to play dota i mean i
still do but like i remember i had a
friend who told me that
within the first six months of playing
like starting to play dota
you'll figure out like like the skill
that people get to within the first six
months
is generally speaking the skill that
they'll be at for like the rest of their
careers and you see this right like if
you play a game of dota like
you know myself for example like if you
look at my account it's like
started playing dota in 2011 and
is like in the bottom 50
of the skill pool so if you think about
it it's not like
more time actually leads to you being
better at something
what leads to you being better at
something is intentional practice
so you can have people who started
dating at the age of 15
where like mega chad high school junior
varsity
captains and they still suck at it
because they never like
bothered to be intentional about
understanding like how a relationship
works
and then you've got people who have been
dating for like 18 months and who are
really good
at it because they actually like pay
attention and try
and do things like self-reflection like
i'll have people who will come into my
office who will be like
45 and have been divorced three times
and i can imagine that if you're this
person you're like oh i haven't dated
anyone i'm 28 i'm behind i'm like
bro don't worry about it because there
are people who are 45
and who are like who have 25 years or 20
years of experience and are like still
suck at it
so don't confuse so there's a difference
between like sure you have no prior
experience but if you're like
thoughtful about it if you pay attention
if you
iterate if you work on your game like
you can catch up to people within a year
no problem so i'd say don't
don't wait right so start getting
start putting yourself out there like
start looking for a relationship
by all means continue working on
yourself this kind of goes back to the
first question about like
you know don't wait for it but also like
don't go so like
desperate that like you need to find it
in the next six months
so i'd say get started get some
experience level up a little bit but be
intentional and you can catch up in no
time
um i am very excited for you because
here are a couple things that i feel
like i i know about you
you're an amazing communicator already
like
in just these four sentences like
you've communicated so much so well and
the other thing is you say no prior
experience like you might not have
dated somebody but i feel like you do
have
experience in that i think you might
made a few conscious decisions on not to
pursue
certain things um which
is experience like you have like
discernment
um i think
that if you so you're you're posing two
scenarios you build a direction for
yourself
and then begin dating or you jump
straight in now
and here's the thing if you build
yourself build yourself build yourself
and then here you are
like making tons of money and you have
this big house and whatever
like the person that you attract as your
best self
i'm not sure is the partner you want i
feel like you probably
want a partner that's gonna support
your direction for yourself
hey so i've never been in a relationship
but i strongly feel the need for one
however i very rarely find myself
thinking i like
anyone and most of the times i do i then
after some thought realize i actually
might not
how do you distinguish between sexual
intellectual and romantic attraction
and how do you even know you like
someone does it just happen
do you have to go around and look for it
do you have to like someone a little
get to know them and then like them a
lot or do you have to like them a lot in
the first place
thanks
good question
i feel like there's a very simple answer
i think so too
what's yours what's yours
no i asked first so answer first
that is not how it works ladies first
dude come on
no it's gonna be the same answer one two
three
i knew you wouldn't play
one two three what say your answer
i mean to me it's like does she turn you
on that wasn't my answer
that wasn't what's your answer okay you
do yours first
i did already can you explain it
intellectual and romantic attraction
don't matter if there's not sexual
attraction
for a relationship anyway so
does this person turn you on does this
person
float your boat check your boxes flip
your switch
make the magic happen
great all right
what was your answer i mean so i'd say
like
okay so
all right let's go back to this
so like i you know i find myself
thinking i i like anyone and most of the
times i do
i then after some thought realize i
might
actually not how do you distinguish
between these three kinds of interaction
how do you know you like someone so like
this sounds to me it'll be like overly
intellectual
right so it's like i find myself liking
someone
and then i think through it and then i
realize i might not
so like i think the answer here is about
just think less
and experience more in your pants
right so how do you even know you like
someone like that's not an answer
you can figure out in your head it's an
answer that you have to figure out
through
in your pants and in your pants
do you have to go along around and look
for it sometimes do you have to like
someone a little get to know them
sometimes so i i'd say that i'd be
careful about what your mind
keeps you from doing and i'd encourage
you to like if you find yourself
attracted to someone
you know try to have a relationship with
them and recognize like watch out
because then your mind is going to like
start generating certain thoughts like
oh
you don't like this person for reasons
like a b and c
but the problem is that your mind can
use logic but like the
logic that it has is going to be founded
on your experience
so you need to collect more data so that
your logical function
has more to work with how do you
distinguish between sexual intellectual
and romantic attraction like sexual is
something you feel in your pants
right intellectual attraction i imagine
is something that you're like kind of
interested in what this person like
thinks and says
and romantic is like hard to describe
because i think it's primarily emotional
it's not gonna be like
it's not gonna be something i'm sure you
can learn to distinguish it you have to
feel it like a romantic attraction is
like
you know it's something that's felt not
that's it's not something that's logic
to do
so you know what i'd say to this person
is if you find yourself like
overly thinking relationships and
convincing yourself that you might not
actually like someone
like just pay attention to what your
mind is doing because there's a decent
chance that
your mind is protecting you from or you
have some kind of fear or anxiety
that your logical system is like
protecting you
yeah i was gonna ask like do you feel
like this person's like ashamed of
something
or like i mean you only want a
relationship with this kind of person
i mean maybe shame i'm not sure but i'm
just saying like you know it sounds like
you have feelings towards someone and
you logic your way out of your feelings
but why would somebody do that
you know we'd have to talk to them i
think that yeah maybe there's some kind
of fear or like negative emotion but i'd
say like
experience more like level up like jump
into the water from time to time and
just see how you feel
you know have a sexual relationship have
an intellectual relationship and have a
romantic relationship then you'll be
able to tell the difference
yeah okay agree